WildFire - improved integration description (#10511)
demisto/content: Packs/Palo_Alto_Networks_WildFire/Integrations/Palo_Alto_Networks_WildFire_v2/Palo_Alto_Networks_WildFire_v2_description.md

> #### How to retrieve a WildFire API key
> - Go to: [https://wildfire.paloaltonetworks.com/wildfire/account](https://wildfire.paloaltonetworks.com/wildfire/account)
> - Login with your account
> - Select the `Account` tab
> - Copy your API key
> - Paste the API key in the integration configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How to Retrieve a WildFire API Key
This API key is used in the *API Key* field in the integration configuration.

- First, navigate to: [https://wildfire.paloaltonetworks.com/wildfire/account](https://wildfire.paloaltonetworks.com/wildfire/account).
- Next, log in to your *WildFire* account.
- Select the *Account* tab from the menu.
- Lastly, copy the API key.
```
